feat: add honeycomb marker exporter structure (#27001)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/honeycombexporter/README.md

@@ -0,0 +1,18 @@
# Honeycomb Marker Exporter

> This exporter supports sending creating markers and sending them to the Honeycomb Markers API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exporter allows creating markers, via the Honeycomb Markers API, based on the look of incoming telemetry. 
```
